   A few additions to the game are at
the main menu, if you hit "H", you
will hold a tournament.  There are
12 possibilities: 6 winners and 6
losers.

   After the battle, you now have the
option of going on a quest.  There are
8 regular quests, and then there's
Zircon's Help.  Zircon's Help is a
multi-outcome quest.  You may get up
to five things, and they will not be
the same each time!  Also, you may
enrage Zircon!  In this case you will
LOSE some of your possessions!  Zircon
may be too busy to see you, also.
  
   Also, now you will need a point
rating of 300 to win on points!!

   There are some other changes but,
like any good game, you will have to
discover them, for yourself!

   OK, there is a new routine in the
ATTACK phase.  You now have the option
of using a "Sneak Attack".  Please
note you will lose a turn if you use
this.  Also, you may not recruit rebel
forces, attack Nobles, attack the
Palace, or attack Armies.

   The way this works is your forces
sneak into your opponent's territory.
They strike without warning, possibly
killing some Nobles and Soldiers.
They may also burn down some Markets,
Mills, Foundries, Shipyards, Ships,
and Stables.  They may also steal
some grain and horses, or may kidnap
some serfs.  You, on the other hand,
may lose some of your Nobles,
Soldiers, and Horses.  The routine
takes 10% of your opponent's item,
then selects a random number of that
10%.  It then subtracts 2 from that
number.  If the number ends up being
=<0, then you didn't destroy any of
that item.  Your losses are figured
on a 5% basis, allowing for the
elements of surprise and stealth.

   Also, if you should attack yourself
(have a Civil War), then, you may lose
some of everything -- NOT JUST HALF
YOUR SERFS!  Civil Wars are costly!

           XEVIOUS